h1. jquery.innerfade.js

*Date:* 2009-03-04
*Author:* Wes Baker
*Mail:* wes@newcitymedia.com
*Web:* "http://www.newcitymedia.com":http://www.newcitymedia.com

Based on the work of Torsten Baldes "http://medienfreunde.com":http://medienfreunde.com, Matt Oakes "http://portfolio.gizone.co.uk/applications/slideshow/":http://portfolio.gizone.co.uk/applications/slideshow/ and Ralf S. Engelschall "http://trainofthoughts.org/":http://trainofthoughts.org/

h2. What it Does

Innerfade fades in/out content within a container. The general idea is to create something like a slideshow. This version extends the original with the ability to setup next and previous buttons.

h2. Something Like What it'll be expecting

<pre><code><ul id="news"> 
    <li>content 1</li>
    <li>content 2</li>
    <li>content 3</li>
</ul></code></pre>

h2. Usage

<pre><code>$('#news').innerfade({ 
	animationtype: Type of animation 'fade', 'slide' or 'slideOver' (Default: 'fade'), 
	speed: Fading-/Sliding-Speed in milliseconds or keywords (slow, normal or fast) (Default: 'normal'), 
	easing: Type of easing for slideOver. jQuery comes with 'linear' and 'swing', but you can use other plugins (Default: 'linear'),
	timeout: Time between the fades in milliseconds (Default: '2000'), 
	type: Type of slideshow: 'sequence', 'random' or 'random_start' (Default: 'sequence'), 
	containerheight: Height of the containing element in any css-height-value (Default: 'auto'),
	containerwidth: Width of the containing element in pixels, this needs to be set for slideOver (Default: null),
	runningclass: CSS-Class which the container get’s applied (Default: 'innerfade'),
	children: optional children selector (Default: null)
});</code></pre>


<pre><code>$('#news').innerfadeNext('#news #next a');</code></pre>
This function expects a selector that will select the Next anchor link


<pre><code>$('#news').innerfadePrevious('#news #previous a');</code></pre>
This function expects a selector that will select the Previous anchor link
